doc/README.md, before:

# :book: HTML documentation

We use [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) to generate the [QUEENS documentation](https://queens-py.github.io/queens). It automatically builds the html documentation from the docstrings.

We believe that documentation is essential and therefore welcome any improvements :blush:

## :woman_teacher: Build the documentation

To build the documentation, you first need a development QUEENS installation as mentioned in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md). This adds additional packages needed for the html build. Once this is done, follow the next steps in the activated Python environment with the development installation.

When building the documentation on your machine for the first time or after adding new modules or classes to QUEENS, one needs to first rebuild the `autodoc index` by running:

```bash
cd <queens-base-directory>
sphinx-apidoc -o doc/source src/ -f -M
```

To actually build the html-documentation, navigate into the doc folder and run the make command:

```bash
cd doc
sphinx-build -b html -d build/doctrees source build/html
```

You can now view the documentation in your favorite browser by opening `build/html/index.html`.

Commit message:

docs: remove queens package from menu, make type hinting look nicer, show inits, and fix docstring bugs

doc/README.md, after:

# :book: HTML documentation

We use [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) to generate the [QUEENS documentation](https://queens-py.github.io/queens). It automatically builds the html documentation from the docstrings.

We believe that documentation is essential and therefore welcome any improvements :blush:

## :woman_teacher: Build the documentation

To build the documentation, you first need to set up a QUEENS environment as described in the [README.md](README.md).
In this Python environment, you also need to install packages for QUEENS development and tutorials and register the environment as a Jupyter kernel:

```bash
pip install -e .[safe_develop,tutorial]
python -m ipykernel install --user --name queens --display-name
```

When building the documentation on your machine for the first time or after adding new modules or classes to QUEENS, one needs to first rebuild the `autodoc index` by running:

```bash
cd <queens-base-directory>
sphinx-apidoc -o doc/source src/ -f -M
```

To actually build the html-documentation, navigate into the doc folder and run the make command:

```bash
cd doc
sphinx-build -b html -d build/doctrees source build/html
```

You can now view the documentation in your favorite browser by opening `build/html/index.html`.
